#!/usr/bin/bash
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl abstractlibrary
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl dynamiccall
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl fieldtofield
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl flow
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl flow_input
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl indexed_sequential
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl input_output
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl logical_physical
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl measure
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl printer
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl program
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl program_call
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl program_error
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl program_flow
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl program_input
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl program_output
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl program_statement
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl program_using
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl screen
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl step
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl step_argument
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl step_condition
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl token
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl type
script/auapp_make_AU_schema.pl v_type